README.md, before:

#Datanesia

Datanesia.org is a collaborative effort to collect, organize, and provide better access to datasets and data related information in Indonesia. Open, for all.

Feel free to contribute : 
- find as many government dataset as possible and identify their openness, both in technical and legal aspect
- liberate Indonesian public sector document available in public domain and convert them into open format
- use these resources (credits/attributions are greatly appreciated!) and spread the words
- add articles, events, and applications about data in Indonesia

How to contribute :
- Fork the repository using git. If you are unfamiliar with Git, check out the greatly written introduction on git here : https://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/ & try out git online here https://try.github.io/
- Article
	- Have interesting articles to link ? Add them to the articles list in articles/articles.md
	- Want to create an article post ? Just copy the template in articles/YYYY-MM-DD-post-title.md
- Events
	- Have interesting events to link ? Add them to the events list in events/events.md
	- Want to create an events post ? Just copy the template in events/YYYY-MM-DD-post-title.md
- Datasets
	- Have interesting datasets to link ? Add them to the datasets list in datasets/datasets.md
	- Want to create an datasets post ? Just copy the template in datasets/YYYY-MM-DD-post-title.md
- Applications
	- Have interesting applications to link ? Add them to the applications list in applications/applications.md
	- Want to create an applications post ? Just copy the template in applications/YYYY-MM-DD-post-title.md
- Afterwards, just make a pull request
	
Started by [ramda](http://twitter.com/ramdayz), [OKFN Indonesia](http://twitter.com/okfnid) and [Asia Knowledge and Innovation Lab](http://akilnews.wordpress.com)
Maintained by [andra](http://twitter.com/iniandra). Have questions ? Send me an [email](mailto:me@yuandraismiraldi.net) 

Github theme based on [http://github.com/mojombo/jekyll](http://github.com/mojombo/jekyll).
Content on this page is dedicated to the public domain under [CC0 License](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

Commit message:

- adding tools section - edited readme.md

README.md, after:

#Datanesia

Datanesia.org is a collaborative effort to collect, organize, and provide better access to datasets and data related information in Indonesia. Open, for all.

Feel free to contribute : 
- find as many government dataset as possible and identify their openness, both in technical and legal aspect
- liberate Indonesian public sector document available in public domain and convert them into open format
- use these resources (credits/attributions are greatly appreciated!) and spread the words
- add articles, events, innovations, and tools about data in Indonesia

How to contribute :
- Fork the repository using Git. If you are unfamiliar with Git, check out the greatly written introduction on git here : https://rogerdudler.github.io/git-guide/ & try out git online here https://try.github.io/
- Article
	- Have interesting articles to link ? Add them to the articles list in articles/articles.md
	- Want to create an article post ? Just copy the template in articles/YYYY-MM-DD-post-title.md
- Events
	- Have interesting events to link ? Add them to the events list in events/events.md
	- Want to create an events post ? Just copy the template in events/YYYY-MM-DD-post-title.md
- Datasets
	- Have interesting datasets to link ? Add them to the datasets list in datasets/datasets.md
	- Want to create an datasets post ? Just copy the template in datasets/YYYY-MM-DD-post-title.md
- Innovations
	- Have interesting innovations to link ? Add them to the innovations list in innovations/innovations.md
	- Want to create an innovations post ? Just copy the template in innovations/YYYY-MM-DD-post-title.md
- Tools
	- Have interesting tools to link ? Add them to the tools list in tools/tools.md
	- Want to create an tools post ? Just copy the template in tools/YYYY-MM-DD-post-title.md
- Afterwards, just make a pull request
	
Started by [ramda](http://twitter.com/ramdayz), [OKFN Indonesia](http://twitter.com/okfnid) and [Asia Knowledge and Innovation Lab](http://akilnews.wordpress.com)
Maintained by [andra](http://twitter.com/iniandra). Have questions ? Send me an [email](mailto:me@yuandraismiraldi.net) 

Github theme based on [http://github.com/mojombo/jekyll](http://github.com/mojombo/jekyll).
Content on this page is dedicated to the public domain under [CC0 License](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) unless stated otherwise.
